AppEngine Client for Android
============================
Copyright (C) 2011 Alexandre Roman

If you consume web services hosted on AppEngine, this project is for you!
The class AppEngineClient makes your web requests authenticated against a Google
user account. The user do NOT have to enter his password: an authentication
token is generated by the Android framework when the user gives its permission.

Usage
-----

Making authenticated web requests on AppEngine is easy.

    String gaeHost = "myapp.appspot.com";
    String account = "johndoe@gmail.com";
    DefaultHttpClient httpClient = new DefaultHttpClient();
    AppEngineClient gaeClient = new AppEngineClient(context, gaeHost, account, httpClient);

    HttpGet req = new HttpGet("http://myapp.appspot.com/hello");
    try {
        gaeClient.execute(req);
    } catch(AppEngineAuthenticationException e) {
    	if(e.isAuthenticationPending()) {
    		// the user should give its permission to use his account:
    		// an item in the notification bar will invite him to accept
    		Log.i(TAG, "Waiting for user permission: try later");
    	} else {
    	    // authentication failed or service unavailable:
    	    // call e.getReason() to know about details
    		throw e;
    	}
    }

The following Android permissions are required in your application when using
this library:

 * android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS,
 * android.permission.INTERNET.

A demo is available if you want to try this library with a real Android
application (see "demo" in the source tree).

License
-------

All of the source code in this project is licensed under the
Apache 2.0 license except as noted.

How to use this library in my project?
--------------------------------------

This project is actually a library project.
See [this page](http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/projects/projects-cmdline.html#ReferencingLibraryProject) for using a library in your Android application:

If you want to compile the library, please note that there is a bug in the SDK
r10 with library projects ([issue 13024](http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=13024)).
After using the command "android update", you should add these 2 lines in the
file build.xml, following the tag setup:
    <!-- fix compile error with SDK r10: http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=13024 -->
    <path id="android.libraries.src"><path refid="project.libraries.src" /></path>
    <path id="android.libraries.jars"><path refid="project.libraries.jars" /></path>
